Miss Ji
This is all Ning Tianyu's information
Hope it helps you remember the gentleman
But only instructions
There are no pictures of his daughter as a child
The real status is so high
Why is there no photo of my daughter?
It is said that more than ten years ago
A fire broke out in Ling Tian's house
Almost all of his family died
Everything was burned.
What's so bad?
Do you remember that fire?
I will find a way to get Lin Tianyu's DNA.
I'll compare it with yours then.
Thanks a lot.
Do you take money to do things?
But don't get your hopes up.
The success rate of finding relatives is not high
Otherwise, it wouldn't be on the news every time
You're pretty good at comforting people
More than ten years.
I didn't want to save him as a life either
straw
It's just that I really want to know
Dad, is he still alive?
in the end
Did you come back to me?
I was alone.
In the alley
Stayed for three days
Been waiting for him
I've been waiting for him to come back to me
No, no.
No.
It's dad, sorry
Dad goes back at night